Miss Lily, you are back.
Of course. Xia Zhu is my good sister.
I have to send her to her death myself
Summer Lily, I don't think I've provoked you
Why are you targeting me?
If you have to get to the bottom of it
I'll let you be a understand ghost
In fact, at the hotel 5 years ago
Qi Shao always thought I saved him
The person who actually saved him
It's you wow
It turned out that that person was really him
He is the father of my child
You had twins.
I brought those three children back
It's not your child at all
I can't believe you don't know anything.
You are such a fool
Hahaha blind lily
Is the disappearance of the five treasures also related to you?
Yeah, I sent him to the traffickers
That way you can focus on finding children
No time to argue with me
As for that child
It snowed heavily that year.
He should have frozen to death long ago
Sayuri, how can you be so vicious?
You are so wordy
Hahahahahaha
Stuck as long as you keep your mouth shut forever
No one is robbing me anymore
The location of the young lady of the Qi family
Hahahaha
Hahahaha stop
Stop! Stop
I'll see who dares to touch my son's mommy